doc: nrf: Document releases, versions and revisions (#9757)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/introduction.rst

It integrates the Zephyr™ real-time operating system (RTOS) and a wide range of complete applications, samples, and protocol stacks such as Bluetooth® Low Energy, Bluetooth mesh, Matter, Thread/Zigbee and LTE-M/NB-IoT/GPS, TCP/IP.
It also includes middleware such as CoAP, MQTT, LwM2M, various libraries, hardware drivers, Trusted Firmware-M for security, and a secure bootloader (MCUBoot).

Repositories
************

The |NCS| is a combination of software developed by Nordic Semiconductor and open source projects, hosted as `Git`_ repositories in the `nrfconnect GitHub organization`_.

> The ``sdk-nrf`` repository is the manifest repository. It contains the SDK's `west manifest file`_, which
> lists all the SDK's repos and their revisions. This :ref:`code base <dm_code_base>` is managed with the :ref:`ncs_west_intro` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``sdk-nrf`` repository is the manifest repository.
It contains the SDK's `west manifest file`_ that lists all the SDK's repos and their revisions.
This :ref:`code base <dm_code_base>` is managed with the :ref:`ncs_west_intro` tool.
```

See the :ref:`repos_and_revs` section for a comprehensive list of repositories and their current revisions.
The revision of each of those repositories is determined by the current revision of the main (manifest) repository ``sdk-nrf``.

Versions and revisions
**********************

> The |NCS| uses a versioning scheme similar to `Semantic versioning`_, but with
> important semantic differences.  Every release of the |NCS| is identified with
> a version string, in the format ``MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH``. The version numbers are
> incremented based on the following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS| uses a versioning scheme similar to `Semantic versioning`_, but with important semantic differences.
Every release of the |NCS| is identified with a version string, in the format ``MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH``.
The version numbers are incremented based on the following criteria:
```

* The ``MAJOR`` version number is increased seldom, whenever a release is deemed

>   to be introducing a large number of substantial changes across the board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to be introducing a large number of substantial changes across the board.
```

> * The ``MINOR`` version number is increased every time a major release is cut. Major
>   releases are the default |NCS| release kind. They introduce functionality and
>   may break APIs in certain cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``MINOR`` version number is increased every time a major release is cut.
  Major releases are the default types of a |NCS| release.
  They introduce new functionality and may break APIs.
```

> * The ``PATCH`` version number is increased whenever a minor or bugfix release
>   is cut. Minor releases are those that only address functional issues but do
>   not introduce functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``PATCH`` version number is increased whenever a minor or bugfix release
  is cut.
  Minor releases only address functional issues but do not introduce new functionality
```

> In between releases, |NCS| is not static. Instead it changes its revision every
> time a Git commit is merged into the `sdk-nrf`_ repository. We consider the
> revision of the SDK to be equivalent to the ``sdk-nrf``'s repository revision
> because it is the :ref:`manifest repository <zephyr:west-manifests>`. This means
> that, by virtue of containing the `west manifest file`_, its revision uniquely
> identifies the revisions of all other repos included in the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In between releases, |NCS| is not static.
Instead, it changes its revision every time a Git commit is merged into the `sdk-nrf`_ repository.
The revision of the SDK is considered to be equivalent to the ``sdk-nrf``'s repository revision, because it is the :ref:`manifest repository <zephyr:west-manifests>`.
This means that, by virtue of containing the `west manifest file`_, its revision uniquely identifies the revisions of all other repositories included in the SDK.
```

> A special value of ``99`` for the ``PATCH`` version number indicates that the
> version string does not belong to a release, but rather a point in between two
> major releases. For example, ``2.2.99`` indicates that this particular revision
> of the |NCS| sits somewhere between ``2.2.0`` and ``2.3.0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A special value of ``99`` for the ``PATCH`` version number indicates that the version string does not belong to a release, but rather a point in between two major releases.
For example, ``2.2.99`` indicates that this particular revision of the |NCS| is somewhere between versions ``2.2.0`` and ``2.3.0``.
```

Revisions can either be Git SHAs or tags, depending on whether the current

> revision is associated with a release (in which case it will be a tag) or is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
revision is associated with a release (in which case it is a tag) or is
```

> just any revision in-between releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just any revision in between releases.
```

> Additional details on versions and revisions can be found in :ref:`this page
> <dm-revisions>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on versions and revisions, see :ref:`dm-revisions`.
```

See the :ref:`repos_and_revs` section for a comprehensive list of repositories and their current revisions.
The revision of each of those repositories is determined by the current revision of the main (manifest) repository ``sdk-nrf``.

.. _intro_vers_revs:

Versions and revisions
**********************

The |NCS| uses a versioning scheme similar to `Semantic versioning`_, but with important semantic differences.
Every release of the |NCS| is identified with a version string, in the format ``MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH``.
The version numbers are incremented based on the following criteria:

* The ``MAJOR`` version number is increased seldom, whenever a release is deemed to be introducing a large number of substantial changes across the board.
* The ``MINOR`` version number is increased every time a major release is cut.

>   Major releases are the default types of a |NCS| release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Major releases are the default types of an |NCS| release.
```

  They introduce new functionality and may break APIs.

> * The ``PATCH`` version number is increased whenever a minor or bugfix release
>   is cut.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``PATCH`` version number is increased whenever a minor or bugfix release is cut.
```

  Minor releases only address functional issues but do not introduce new functionality.

In between releases, |NCS| is not static.
Instead, it changes its revision every time a Git commit is merged into the `sdk-nrf`_ repository.

> The revision of the SDK is considered to be equivalent to the ``sdk-nrf``'s repository revision, because it is the :ref:`manifest repository <zephyr:west-manifests>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The revision of the SDK is considered to be equivalent to the repository revision of ``sdk-nrf``, because it is the :ref:`manifest repository <zephyr:west-manifests>`.
```
